readme.md, before:

# Robo-Chess

This entire library is being actively worked on and is in no way complete.

Robo-chess is a Python library for playing chess in real-time. While other chess playing robots have been around for awhile, they tend to put environmental limitations on the board, pieces and lighting. This library is a step toward a generneralized robotic framework for chess. The library consists of three main sections which I have endeavored to make easy to mixed and match with your own custom code. 

The library is broken down into three main sections: vision -physical chess board and pieces are decomposed into a virtual board state and localided in the world-, strategy -optimal move is decided-, and motor primitives -robot trajectory is composed and executed-. As you can see the board state is not updated solely from the robots perception of the board therefore mistakes or miss-moves must be check for and fixed using the same process.

pgn data was gernered from:
http://www.pgnmentor.com/files.html#players &
https://chessproblem.my-free-games.com/chess/games/Download-PGN.php


## Vision
The vision subsection has three main components:
1. Percieve the physical board and pieces and render a board state.
2. Check to ensure all moves made are valid.
3. Localize the board and pieces in reference to the robot.

## Strategy
1. If an invalid move was made plan a move correction.
2. Use Deepminds AlphaZero to construct optimal move from the board state.

## Motor Primitives
1. Plan movement trajectory using neural movement primitives conditioned on piece current and goal locations.

Commit message:

added data generation to readme

readme.md, after:

# Robo-Chess

This entire library is being actively worked on and is in no way complete.

Robo-chess is a Python library for playing chess in real-time. While other chess playing robots have been around for awhile, they tend to put environmental limitations on the board, pieces and lighting. This library is a step toward a generneralized robotic framework for chess. The library consists of three main sections which I have endeavored to make easy to mixed and match with your own custom code. 

The library is broken down into four main sections: data -creation of simulated training data-, vision -physical chess board and pieces are decomposed into a virtual board state and localided in the world-, strategy -optimal move is decided-, and motor primitives -robot trajectory is composed and executed-. As you can see the board state is not updated solely from the robots perception of the board therefore mistakes or miss-moves must be check for and fixed using the same process.

## Data Generation
The data generation module has two main functions:
1. To create randomized camera images of a chess board with accompanying lable.
2. To generate motions where the robot makes moves with virtual pieces.

Generalized visual data is created by randomizing the location and distance of the camera from the board as well as the location of the board in the camera frame. To ensure my data is as robust as possible the color of each piece and global lighting conditions are slightly changed for each image as well. Adding these modifications to the data collection is intended to make the sim-to-real transfer easier.

## Vision
The vision subsection has three main components:
1. Percieve the physical board and pieces and render a board state.
2. Check to ensure all moves made are valid.
3. Localize the board and pieces in reference to the robot.

## Strategy
1. If an invalid move was made plan a move correction.
2. Use Deepminds AlphaZero to construct optimal move from the board state.

## Motor Primitives
1. Plan movement trajectory using neural movement primitives conditioned on piece current and goal locations.
